Now one important thing about Angular is that typically, we use it to build web applications, so websites
that run in the browser. In this course however, we use it to build native mobile applications as well,
we do this with the help of the extra tool we're covering in this course, Ionic.
Now if we take a step back and we have a look at a regular web application built with Angular, then
there we typically build a so-called single page application and that simply means that we only have
one single HTML page which we really create and which we serve on our web server to our clients, our
users visiting the page in their browser and on this HTML page, we load the Angular script and the
Angular script is not just the framework script, it is our code built with Angular as well. Because
we will use a project setup which actually gives us quite a nice way of building our Angular application,
writing our code in a very structured and easy to read way and it will then take all this code which
uses Typescript as I mentioned before, which does not run in the browser but it will compile Typescript
to Javascript and bundle up all our code,
so our own application logic as well as the Angular framework logic,
so all these utility functions and so on, all that will be bundled up and will be imported in that single
index.html file. And single page application then means that Angular will take care about constantly
re-rendering the user interface,
so what the user sees, re-rendering all these HTML elements so that to the user, it can definitely
seem like we are using multiple pages but technically, we control all that through Javascript and the huge
advantage of that is the performance, the speed because Javascript runs in the browser, it even works if
we temporarily lose our internet connection and more than that, it happens instantly.
We don't need to download anything from a server other than this initial page,
thereafter everything can be re-rendered quickly and that of course feels good to the user because it's
very reactive,
it's the feeling we know from mobile apps typically where we also can press and tap stuff and things
change instantly
and if we happen to reach out to a server because we maybe want to download new data from a database,
we do this behind the scenes and Angular allows us to achieve the same in a web app.
And that of course makes it a perfect candidate to be used together with Ionic to then build a real
native mobile app as well but still use our Angular knowledge to build all our business logic, all the
logic we want to execute in our application.